README.md, before:

# TDD training 

## TDD Rules

1. You shall not write production code other than to pass a failing test
1. You shall not write more of production code other than necessary to that failing test.
1. You shall not write more of the test than to make it fail for the right reason.

## Exercises

### Fizz Buzz

Write a method that receives an integer and returns the number as a string, but for multiples of three return "Fizz" instead of the number and for the multiples of five return "Buzz". For numbers which are multiples of both three and five return "FizzBuzz".

### Leap year

Write a function that returns true or false depending on whether its input integer is a leap year or not. A leap year is defined as one that is divisible by 4, but is not otherwise divisible by 100 unless it is also divisible by 400. For example, 2001 is a typical common year and 1996 is a typical leap year, whereas 1900 is an atypical common year and 2000 is an atypical leap year.

### Nth - Fibonacci

Write some code to generate the Fibonacci number for the nth position ex: 
int Fibonacci(int position)
First Fibonacci numbers in the sequence are: 0, 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34

    ## Exercises 2

The clock game, considering you are starting with a green state (All tests are passing), you have 3 minutes to:
1. Add functionality - Add test and make it pass
2. Refactor

If 3 minutes is passed and changes aren't commited into a green state:

    git reset --hard

### String calculator

1.	Create a simple String calculator with a method int Add(string numbers)
2.	The method can take 0, 1 or 2 numbers, and will return their sum (for an empty string it will return 0) for example “” or “1” or “1,2”
3.	Allow the Add method to handle an unknown amount of numbers
4.	Allow the Add method to handle new lines between numbers (instead of commas).
a.	the following input is ok:  “1\n2,3”  (will equal 6)
b.	the following input is NOT ok:  “1,\n” (not need to prove it - just clarifying)
5.	Support different delimiters. To change a delimiter, the beginning of the string will contain a separate line that looks like this:   “//[delimiter]\n[numbers…]” for example “//;\n1;2” should return three where the default delimiter is ‘;’ . The first line is optional. all existing scenarios should still be supported
6.	Calling Add with a negative number will throw an exception “negatives not allowed” - and the negative that was passed.if there are multiple negatives, show all of them in the exception message

## Exercises 3

While doing TDD there is a separation between asserting Data and Asserting behavior.
Data is when you accessing specific properties, variables or fields of the code.
Behavior is accesssing/calling methods in other classes.

Do not mix asserting data and behavior.

**Class collaboration 1**
Under TddTraining/Users/UserController, implement the method GetUserBy(int id).

The user can be retrieved by using the interface "ILocalUserRetriever":

**Class collaboration 2**
Modify the GetUserBy(int id) in the UserController to retrieve the user from "IUserRetriever":

IUserRetriever returns a:

    public class ExternalServiceUser
    {
        public int Id { get; set; }
        public string Name { get; set; }
        public string Postcode { get; set; }
        public string InternalEmail { get; set; }
    }

But this is the response of GetUser

    public class UserResponse
    {
        public int Id { get; set; }
        public string  Name { get; set; }
    }

**Class collaboration 3**
Implement the SaveUser in the userController.
To save a user we need to call IUserPersister, that it receives a "ExternalServiceUser".

    public class SaveUserRequest
    {
        public int Id { get; set; }
        public string Name { get; set; }
        public string Email { get; set; }
        public string Postcode { get; set; }
    }

Validation rules:
* Name should not be null or empty
* Email should not be null or empty
* Postcode not be null or empty

In case the validation fails, we need to return 400 Bad Request.
If the user is sent to the user service, we need to return 200 OK.

**Class collaboration 4**
IUserPersister sometimes might throw a TeaPotException, when this happens we want to return 418 I'm a teapot.

Commit message:

Add extra steps for string calculator for advanced devs

README.md, after:

# TDD training 

## TDD Rules

1. You shall not write production code other than to pass a failing test
1. You shall not write more of production code other than necessary to that failing test.
1. You shall not write more of the test than to make it fail for the right reason.

## Exercises

### Fizz Buzz

Write a method that receives an integer and returns the number as a string, but for multiples of three return "Fizz" instead of the number and for the multiples of five return "Buzz". For numbers which are multiples of both three and five return "FizzBuzz".

### Leap year

Write a function that returns true or false depending on whether its input integer is a leap year or not. A leap year is defined as one that is divisible by 4, but is not otherwise divisible by 100 unless it is also divisible by 400. For example, 2001 is a typical common year and 1996 is a typical leap year, whereas 1900 is an atypical common year and 2000 is an atypical leap year.

### Nth - Fibonacci

Write some code to generate the Fibonacci number for the nth position ex: 
int Fibonacci(int position)
First Fibonacci numbers in the sequence are: 0, 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34

    ## Exercises 2

The clock game, considering you are starting with a green state (All tests are passing), you have 3 minutes to:
1. Add functionality - Add test and make it pass
2. Refactor

If 3 minutes is passed and changes aren't commited into a green state:

    git reset --hard

### String calculator

1.	Create a simple String calculator with a method int Add(string numbers)
2.	The method can take 0, 1 or 2 numbers, and will return their sum (for an empty string it will return 0) for example “” or “1” or “1,2”
3.	Allow the Add method to handle an unknown amount of numbers
4.	Allow the Add method to handle new lines between numbers (instead of commas).
a.	the following input is ok:  “1\n2,3”  (will equal 6)
b.	the following input is NOT ok:  “1,\n” (not need to prove it - just clarifying)
5.	Support different delimiters. To change a delimiter, the beginning of the string will contain a separate line that looks like this:   “//[delimiter]\n[numbers…]” for example “//;\n1;2” should return three where the default delimiter is ‘;’ . The first line is optional. all existing scenarios should still be supported
6.	Calling Add with a negative number will throw an exception “negatives not allowed” - and the negative that was passed.if there are multiple negatives, show all of them in the exception message

Stop here if you are a beginner. Continue if you can finish the steps so far in less than 30 minutes.
1.	Numbers bigger than 1000 should be ignored, so adding 2 + 1001  = 2
2.	Delimiters can be of any length with the following format:  “//[delimiter]\n” for example: “//[***]\n1***2***3” should return 6
3.	Allow multiple delimiters like this:  “//[delim1][delim2]\n” for example “//[*][%]\n1*2%3” should return 6.
4.	make sure you can also handle multiple delimiters with length longer than one char


## Exercises 3

While doing TDD there is a separation between asserting Data and Asserting behavior.
Data is when you accessing specific properties, variables or fields of the code.
Behavior is accesssing/calling methods in other classes.

Do not mix asserting data and behavior.

**Class collaboration 1**
Under TddTraining/Users/UserController, implement the method GetUserBy(int id).

The user can be retrieved by using the interface "ILocalUserRetriever":

**Class collaboration 2**
Modify the GetUserBy(int id) in the UserController to retrieve the user from "IUserRetriever":

IUserRetriever returns a:

    public class ExternalServiceUser
    {
        public int Id { get; set; }
        public string Name { get; set; }
        public string Postcode { get; set; }
        public string InternalEmail { get; set; }
    }

But this is the response of GetUser

    public class UserResponse
    {
        public int Id { get; set; }
        public string  Name { get; set; }
    }

**Class collaboration 3**
Implement the SaveUser in the userController.
To save a user we need to call IUserPersister, that it receives a "ExternalServiceUser".

    public class SaveUserRequest
    {
        public int Id { get; set; }
        public string Name { get; set; }
        public string Email { get; set; }
        public string Postcode { get; set; }
    }

Validation rules:
* Name should not be null or empty
* Email should not be null or empty
* Postcode not be null or empty

In case the validation fails, we need to return 400 Bad Request.
If the user is sent to the user service, we need to return 200 OK.

**Class collaboration 4**
IUserPersister sometimes might throw a TeaPotException, when this happens we want to return 418 I'm a teapot.
